Docs (#61)
commercetools/commercetools-php-symfony: README.md

a Symfony project.

##### Table of contents

  * [Requirements](#requirements)
  * [Installation](#installation)
    + [Verify everything works](#verify-everything-works)
  * [Usage](#usage)
    + [Usage of available services](#usage-of-available-services)
      - [Available services](#available-services)
    + [Console Commands](#console-commands)
      - [Available console commands](#available-console-commands)
    + [Usage of SDK Models in templates](#usage-of-sdk-models-in-templates)
  * [Quick-start](#quick-start)
  * [Disclaimer for ExampleBundle (dev)](#disclaimer-for-examplebundle--dev-)
  * [Testing](#testing)
  * [Issues](#issues)
  * [Contribute](#contribute)
  * [License](#license)

## Requirements
Composer :
To install the composer go to https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md

## Installation
Create a new Symfony project 
```sh
composer create-project symfony/skeleton <project-name>
```
or use an existing one (symfony >= 3.4)

Navigate to the project's directory and run
```sh
composer config extra.symfony.allow-contrib true
```
This will allow symfony to use the recipes-contrib (via Symfony Flex) that will automate
most of the configuration.

> To install the commercetools symfony-bundle open composer.json and add to the attribute 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, install the commercetools Symfony bundle. To do this, open the **composer.json** file and add `"commercetools/symfony-bundle"` to the `require` attribute.
```

> `require` the package `"commercetools/symfony-bundle"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> and run `composer install` or directly run the following on the command line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sh
composer require commercetools/symfony-bundle
```

> 

Reviewer: > Next, run the following from the command line 
> 
> ```sh
> composer install
> ```

nb. @nikossvnk you'll have to do this by hand

Author: I changed your suggestion a bit because the order of commands got mixed, I think

> Open `.env` or create a `.env.local` [1] file on root directory and edit the following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the`.env` file or create a `.env.local` file on root directory and edit the following 
```

> lines to add  your credentials. The credentials can be retrieved through 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lines to add your credentials. You can retrieve your API client credentials from the Merchant Center under
```

> `Commercetools Merchant Center > Settings > Developer Settings`, while you create a new 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Commercetools Merchant Center > Settings > Developer Settings`, when you create a new 
```

API Client. Note that for security reasons you cannot retrieve the `CTP_CLIENT_SECRET` 
for clients created in the past.

```dotenv
CTP_CLIENT_ID=<your client id>
CTP_CLIENT_SECRET=<your client secret>
CTP_PROJECT_KEY=<your project id>
CTP_AUTH_URL=https://auth.commercetools.com or https://auth.commercetools.co
CTP_API_URL=https://api.commercetools.com or https://api.commercetools.co
CTP_SCOPES=<your desired scopes>
```

> [1] To read more about the differences between the usage of .env and .env.local you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using `.env` and `.env.local`, see
```

> continue [here](https://symfony.com/doc/current/configuration/dot-env-changes.html) and/or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[here](https://symfony.com/doc/current/configuration/dot-env-changes.html) and
```

[here](https://symfony.com/blog/new-in-symfony-4-2-define-env-vars-per-environment)

> ### Verify everything works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Verify configuration
```

> To verify that your configuration works, after adding your client credentials on the .env file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that your configuration works, after adding your client credentials on the `.env` file
```

> as explained above, you may run on the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run the following on the command line:
```

```
bin/console commercetools:project-info
```

(sorry @nikossvnk – it doesn't play nicely with codeblocks, you'll need to do this manually too)

> `bin/console commercetools:project-info`. If everything is set up correctly, this should return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything is set up correctly, this should return
```

> the details regarding your project like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the details of your project. For example:
```

```
Project's key: super-cool-project-4
Project's name: my eshop at commercetools
Countries: DE, US
Currencies: EUR
Languages: en
Created at: 2019-02-04T11:28:49+00:00
Messages: disabled
```

> if so, it means that your project can now communicate with commercetools platform via the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> you just configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Usage

> commercetools symfony bundle consists of 8 smaller bundles (The dependencies mentioned are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commercetools Symfony bundle consists of 8 smaller bundles (The dependencies mentioned are
```

only the additional ones, required for bundle-specific functionalities)

- CartBundle
- CatalogBundle
- CtpBundle
- CustomerBundle

>     - depends: `symfony/security-bundle`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Dependency: `symfony/security-bundle`
```

- ReviewBundle
- SetupBundle

>     - depends: `symfony/console`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Dependency: `symfony/console`
```

- ShoppingListBundle
- StateBundle

>     - depends: `symfony/console`, `symfony/workflow`, `twig/extensions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Dependency: `symfony/console`, `symfony/workflow`, `twig/extensions`
```

> By default, the enabled bundles are `CtpBundle` & `CustomerBundle` for all environments, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `CtpBundle` & `CustomerBundle` are enabled for all environments.
```

> additionally `SetupBundle` & `StateBundle` only for dev environment. To overview, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SetupBundle` & `StateBundle` are only enabled for for development environments. To overview, 
```

Also – "to overview?" 🤔

Author: I meant to write something like that on this file, you can see which bundles are enabled, and that you are able disable them, or you may enable other ones too if you want.

Reviewer: Ahh. Then I'd literally say:

"To see which bundles are enabled..."

> enable or disable  them, you need to edit the file `config/bundles.php` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable or disable them, edit the `config/bundles.php` file.
```

> ### Usage of available services 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Available services
```

> In every bundle there are services that can be autowired directly in your application. For example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every bundle contains services which for autowiring directly into your application. For example,
```

Author: maybe "[...] which are available for autowiring [...]" ?

> to autowire `CatalogManager` in a controller action: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to autowire the `CatalogManager` service in a controller action, do the following: 
```

```php
<?php
namespace App\Controller;

use Commercetools\Symfony\CatalogBundle\Manager\CatalogManager;
use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response;

class MyController
{
    public function index(CatalogManager $manager)
    {
        /** @var CategoryCollection $categories */
        $categories = $manager->getCategories('en');

        return new Response(
            '<html><body>categories: '
            // handle CategoryCollection $categories
            .'</body></html>'
        );
    }
}
```

> The main idea behind is that in each Bundle there are some reusable services that you

Reviewer: Can you move this entire paragraph up directly above the header?

Author: I moved it under  "### Available services",  is that what you meant?

may inject directly in your app. As a generic pattern there are a 
couple of `*Manager` services, that provide related actions. So, for example in `CartManager`
you will find helpers like `getCart`, `createCartForUser` and `update` which returns a 
`CartUpdateBuilder` where you can dynamically set your update actions.

#### Available services

> - CartBundle

Reviewer: Can you provide a short, one-line description of these services? i.e.

> CartBundle: Does ______ for carts

    - CartManager
    - OrderManager
    - PaymentManager
    - ShippingMethodManager
- CatalogBundle
    - CatalogManager
    - Search
- CtpBundle
    - ClientFactory
    - ContextFactory
    - MapperFactory
    - LocaleConverter
    - CustomTypeProvider
- CustomerBundle
    - CustomerManager
    - AuthenticationProvider
    - UserProvider
- ReviewBundle
    - ReviewManager
- ShoppingListBundle
    - ShoppingListManager
- StateBundle
    - CtpMarkingStoreLineItemState
    - CtpMarkingStoreOrderState
    - CtpMarkingStorePaymentState
    - CtpMarkingStoreProductState
    - CtpMarkingStoreReviewState
    
### Console Commands

To use the console commands navigate to your project's directory and run

```sh
bin/console commercetools:<command-name>
```

#### Available console commands

> 

Reviewer: What is this section supposed to be for? Can you give it a 1-2 sentence description?

Author: I added a description in the section above (### Cosnole Commands). I think it makes more sense there. wdyt?

Reviewer: Yeah, it does. You probably don't even need a subheading to be honest.

- SetupBundle

>     - `project-info` // Fetches and displays information from commercetoools platform

Reviewer: 1) full CLI command for all of these, i.e. ` bin/console commercetools:project-info` (make it easy for people to copy and paste)

2) Instead of `//` use `:` so:

> `bin/console commercetools:project-info`: Fetches and displays information from commercetoools platform.

    about the configured project
    - `project-apply-configuration` // Save the local project configuration that resides under
    `commercetools` key on the commercetools platform
    - `create-custom-type` // Interactive CLI to create CustomTypes on your project
    - `sync-custom-types-from-server` // Saves the CustomTypes currently present on the project
    in `<PROJECT_DIR>/config/packages/<ENV>/custom_types.yaml`
    - `sync-custom-types-from-local` // Saves or updates the CustomTypes present in 
    `<PROJECT_DIR>/config/packages/<ENV>/custom_types.yaml` on your commercetools project
    
- StateBundle
    - `set-state-machine-config` // Fetches States from commercetools platform and creates a 
    Symfony `state_machine` type configuration file at 
    `<PROJECT_DIR>/config/packages/<ENV>/workflow.yaml`
    - `set-workflow-config` // Fetches States from commercetools platform and creates a Symfony
    `workflow` type configuration file at `<PROJECT_DIR>/config/packages/<ENV>/workflow.yaml`
    

>       More info on working with Symfony Workflows can be found on Symfony's documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      More info on working with Symfony Workflows can be found in Symfony's [documentation](https://symfony.com/doc/current/workflow/usage.html):
```

>       https://symfony.com/doc/current/workflow/usage.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Usage of SDK Models in templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using SDK Models in templates
```

1) What's an SDK model?
2) What's a template?

the `config/bundles.php` file.

### Available services

The main idea is that in each Bundle there are some reusable services that you
may inject directly in your app. As a generic pattern there are a 
couple of `*Manager` services, that provide related actions. So, for example in `CartManager`
you will find helpers like `getCart`, `createCartForUser` and `update`. The `update` service
returns a  `CartUpdateBuilder` where you can dynamically build update actions. To autowire
a service, for example `CatalogManager`, in a controller action, do the following: 

```php
<?php
namespace App\Controller;

use Commercetools\Symfony\CatalogBundle\Manager\CatalogManager;
use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response;

class MyController
{
    public function index(CatalogManager $manager)
    {
        /** @var CategoryCollection $categories */
        $categories = $manager->getCategories('en');

        return new Response(
            '<html><body>categories: '
            // handle CategoryCollection $categories
            .'</body></html>'
        );
    }
}
```

#### Available services

- CartBundle: Provides helpers for carts, orders, payments and shipping-methods

>     - CartManager

Author: Instead of every service, I added a small description in each bundle, because I'm afraid it would be too repetitive. Like "provides helpers for something", "provides helpers for something else" etc. wdyt?
